Releae Note for ONE 1.11.0 (#4922)
Samsung/ONE: docs/release/1.11/release-note-1.11.0.md

# Release Note 1.11.0

## ONE Compiler

### Compiler supports more operations
- MaxPoolWithArgMax by CustomOp

### Changes 
- `one-build` command added as representative command
- one-cmds are now revised to python script and supports configuration file as input parameters

> - added `rawdata2hdf5` tool to prepare quantization data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- added `rawdata2hdf5` tool to help creating input datasets for calibration
```

> - added more optimization pass in `one-optimize`; `fuse_preactivation_batchnrom`, `make_batchnorm_gamma_positive` and `fuse_activation_function`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- added more optimization passes in `one-optimize`; `fuse_preactivation_batchnorm`, `make_batchnorm_gamma_positive` and `fuse_activation_function`
```
